updated for new getting help process (#396)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Developer Reference/getting-help.md

---
layout: nodes.liquid
section: smartContract
date: Last Modified
title: "Getting Support"
permalink: "docs/getting-help/"
---

> ### Where do I go to get help and support? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Where do I go to get help and support? 
```

> If you run into issues and the available documentation, videos, and code repositories are not able to assist you, the best way to get help is to follow this support escalation process. Start with step 1, and continue to the next till you reach a solution. Note, sometimes, you might be asking a question that is too theoretical, or hasn't been solved, so you might not always get what you're looking for!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into issues and the available documentation, videos, and code repositories are not able to assist you, the best way to get help is to follow the support escalation process in this document. Sometimes you might have a question that is too theoretical or hasn't been solved, so you might not always get what you're looking for!
```

## 1. Double check the documentation

Check to see if you missed any code, documentation, blog, or video on the topic or issue you're looking for. There are typically a few different resources on a topic if one doesn't answer exactly what you're looking for. You can also use the documentation search bar to look up things as well. 

> ## 2. Do a web search for the specific error or situation you're in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Do a web search for the specific error or situation you're in
```

> Often times, someone else has asked the question that you're asking. If you copy paste the error into the google or web search bar, there is a good chance that some helpful material will come up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often someone else has asked the same question that you're asking. If you copy and paste the error into the Google or web search bar, there is a good chance that you will find some helpful material from someone else who has already found the solution to your question.
```

> ## 3. Make an issue on the github or code repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3. Open an issue on the github or code repository
```

> ## 3. Open an issue on the github or code repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3. Open an issue on GitHub or the code repository
```

> This is only applicable if you're working with a certain set of code. For example, if you're having an issue working with the [Chainlink Hardhat Starter kit](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/hardhat-starter-kit), maybe you can make an issue on the repo explaining exactly what's going on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is only applicable if you're working with a certain set of code. For example, if you're having an issue working with the [Chainlink Hardhat Starter kit](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/hardhat-starter-kit), open an issue on the repo explaining exactly what's going on and someone might have the answer that you need.
```

When writing issues, remember to:
- Keep titles short

> - Remain clear and concise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be clear and concise about the issue that you are encountering
```

> - Format your message ([using 3 backticks](https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/using-backticks-to-format-your-code/3697) will help format your code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Format your issue description. Use [three backticks (```)](https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/using-backticks-to-format-your-code/3697) to format format your code or log output.
```

> - Format your issue description. Use [three backticks (```)](https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/using-backticks-to-format-your-code/3697) to format format your code or log output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Format your issue description. Use [three backticks (```)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-format-code-in-markdown/#code-blocks) to format format your code or log output.
```

- Always add any and all associated code

> - Please don't use screenshots, those *generally* make it harder!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't use screenshots. Screenshots are not searchable and generally make it harder to understand your issue.
```

## 4. Ask a question on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=chainlink) or [Stack Exchange Ethereum](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/)

> This is where the majority of people will end up, and is one of the most helpful resources out there. Stack Overflow is meant to be living documentation, so please do your best to make a [thoughtful, easy to triage question](https://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask). This will make it much easier for people to help debug your issue, and make sure it doesn't get removed from the site. Remember, we want to make this question **searchable** so others who run into the same issue can also get their question solved. You could use really any forum based site you like if you prefer another site over Stack Overflow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where most people will end up and is one of the most helpful resources out there. Stack Overflow is living documentation, so do your best to make a [thoughtful and easy to triage question](https://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask). This will make it much easier for people to help debug your issue and ensure it doesn't get removed from the site. Remember, we want to make this question **searchable** so others who run into the same issue can also get their question solved. You could use any forum-based site you like if you prefer another site over Stack Overflow. 
```

> Here is an example of a not-so-well-formatted question:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a poorly formatted question:
```

> Title: Please help
> I'm following this guide, and my code is breaking, what's going on? 
> https://docs.chain.link/
> Here is my code
> pragma solidity 0.6.7; contract HelloWorld { string public message; constructor(string memory initialMessage) {message = initialMessage; }

> Here is that same question, formatted much better:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is that same question with better formatting:
```

> Title: Remix Solidity Compile Error - Source File Requires Different Compiler Version
> I'm [following this guide](https://docs.chain.link/docs/beginners-tutorial/), and I'm unable to compile my solidity code in [Remix](https://remix.ethereum.org/). 
> Here is the code:
> ```javascript
> pragma solidity 0.6.7;
>
> contract HelloWorld {
>    string public message;
>
>    constructor(string memory initialMessage) {
>        message = initialMessage;
>    }
>
>    function updateMessage(string memory newMessage) public {
>        message = newMessage;
>    }
>}
>```
>
> And the error I'm getting is as follows:
> 
> ```
> ParserError: Source file requires different compiler version (current compiler is 0.8.7+commit.e28d00a7.Emscripten.clang) - note that nightly builds are considered to be strictly less than the released version
> --> contracts/test.sol:1:1:
> |
> 1 | pragma solidity 0.6.7;
> | ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
> ```

> It's often recommended to come up with a [minimum reproducible example](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) to help others understand your issue. This way, they can help you get an answer quickly. Remember, its a community run platform!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's best to create a [minimum reproducible example](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) to help others understand your issue. This way, they can help you get an answer quickly. Remember, its a community run platform!
```

> It's best to create a [minimum reproducible example](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) to help others understand your issue. This way, they can help you get an answer quickly. Remember, its a community run platform!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's best to create a [minimum reproducible example](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) to help others understand your issue. This way, they can help you get an answer quickly. Remember, its a community-run platform!
```

> Don't get discouraged if your question gets downvoted or removed, this just means you need to format your question a little differently next time!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't get discouraged if your question gets downvoted or removed. This just means you need to format your question a little differently next time!
```

## 5. Ask the community 

> And lastly, you can always just in the [discord](https://discord.gg/2YHSAey) and see if there is a community member who might be able to help you out. One of the best ways to ask the community, is to drop a link to your stackoverflow question, issue, or forum where you're asking a Chainlink question. Remember, these are community members, and they are helping because they are wonderful kind individuals!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And lastly, you can always ask the question in the [discord](https://discord.gg/2YHSAey) and see if there is a community member who might be able to help you out. One of the best ways to ask the community is to drop a link to your Stack Overflow question, issue, or the forum where you're asking a Chainlink question. Remember, these are community members, and they are helping because they are wonderful and kind individuals!
```

> And lastly, you can always ask the question in the [discord](https://discord.gg/2YHSAey) and see if there is a community member who might be able to help you out. One of the best ways to ask the community is to drop a link to your Stack Overflow question, issue, or the forum where you're asking a Chainlink question. Remember, these are community members, and they are helping because they are wonderful and kind individuals!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And lastly, you can always ask the question in the [Discord](https://discord.gg/2YHSAey) and see if there is a community member who might be able to help you out. One of the best ways to ask the community is to drop a link to your Stack Overflow question, issue, or the forum where you're asking a Chainlink question. Remember, these are community members, and they are helping because they are wonderful and kind individuals!
```
